# markdown extensions for this site
```{metadata}
date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 01:54:27 +0800
status: just started
```

This site extends some markdown features to suit the requirements of being a web site. To make the extension compatible with the standard markdown format, all of the extended contents are placed in a [fenced code block](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks/#fenced-code-blocks) with language identifier is the extension name.

For example, this block of code appears in a markdown document means the calling of an extension named "my-extension" with content "my-content".
````
```my-extension
    my-content
```
````

Extension names should be case-insensitive.

## text
The **text** extension is used to display a block of pre-formatted without any code highlight since some keyword will be highlight automatically even with no language identifier if you are using `highlight.js`:
````
```text
pre-formatted text
```
````

### without language identifier
```
+-------------------------+
|                         |
|      key word test:     |
|                         |
+-------------------------+
public
private
extern
var x = 123456
string s = "string highlight"
```

### with text extension
```text
+-------------------------+
|                         |
|      key word test:     |
|                         |
+-------------------------+
public
private
extern
var x = 123456
string s = "string highlight"
```

## metadata
The **metadata** extension creates an **metadata block** in current document to describe the document metadata. The **metadata** should be collection of key-value pairs.
````
```#metadata
key = value
key : value
```

note: You should replace the #metadata with metadata to make the `markdown.php` identify the extension.
````

The **metadata block** is used to provide additional information to the `markdown.php` script.

The **metadata block** can be placed at anywhere of the markdown file, and can also be split to multiple parts.

Currently available *metadata* keys are as follows:

< key name > : [value type] [description]
- date: data created
- status:
- author:
- keyword:
